ISC - update Fee Policy (#1602)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/build/isc/v1.3-alpha/docs/_admonitions/_query_gas_fees.md

:::tip Current Gas Fee

> You can get the current average gas fee by querying the `eth_gasPrice` using the [JSON-RPC API](../reference/json-rpc-spec.md/#json-rpc-methods-according-to-ethereum-client-api).

Reviewer: wrong. why is this text duplicated?

Author: ```suggestion
You can get the minimum gas fee by querying the `eth_gasPrice` using the [JSON-RPC API](../reference/json-rpc-spec.md/#json-rpc-methods-according-to-ethereum-client-api).
```
